docs: debug docs rework for simpler debug intro (#15836)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/running-tests-csharp.md

For more information see [selective unit tests](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/testing/selective-unit-tests?pivots=mstest) in the Microsoft docs.

## Debugging Tests

> Since Playwright runs in Node.js, you can debug it with your debugger of choice. Playwright comes with the Playwright Inspector which allows you to step through Playwright API calls, see their debug logs and explore [selectors](./selectors.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Playwright runs in .NET, you can debug it with your debugger of choice in e.g. Visual Studio Code or Visual Studio. Playwright comes with the Playwright Inspector which allows you to step through Playwright API calls, see their debug logs and explore [selectors](./selectors.md).
```

```bash tab=bash-bash lang=csharp
PWDEBUG=1 dotnet test
```

```batch tab=bash-batch lang=csharp
set PWDEBUG=1
dotnet test
```

```powershell tab=bash-powershell lang=csharp
$env:PWDEBUG=1
dotnet test
```

<img width="712" alt="Playwright Inspector" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/883973/108614092-8c478a80-73ac-11eb-9597-67dfce110e00.png"></img>

Check out our [debugging guide](./debug.md) to learn more about the [Playwright Inspector](./debug.md#playwright-inspector) as well as debugging with [Browser Developer tools](./debug.md#browser-developer-tools).

## What's Next

> - [Debug tests with the Playwright Debugger](./debug.md)

Reviewer: lets bring that back?

Author: its already showing the debugging basics so its not really whats next as you want them to go to codegen and traceviewer next
